I was late to the game bioshock i picked
it up used on a 360 a year or so after
it came out everyone said it was an
amazing game so i figured why not after
a couple hours of playing it put the
controller down and wondered what the
hell everyone was smoking despite an
amazing introduction this game was a
clunky shooter that contained few if any
of the RPG and storytelling elements
that my friends rape about so Bioshock
collected dust months later I was
convinced to give the game a second
chance and put a couple additional hours
into it this changed everything I became
hooked to buy a shot for the next couple
days and upon finishing the game I'd
place it in my top 10 games for
storytelling a narrative I hoped I would
never do the same thing and judge it in
too early but this is exactly what
happened with arel wars developed by
game Phil arel wars is a unique strategy
RPG game that brings a bit of variance
to a genre that can definitely use some
a game is broken into about 40 stages
which are each very similar battles on
the left side of the screen is your base
and on the right side of the enemy the
goal of each level is to move your
troops across to one of two paths to
attack the enemy's base because the
enemy is attempting the same thing your
troops will meet in the battle and Duke
it out there are numerous different
units that are unlocked throughout the
game including infantry types range
types and flying units within each of
those categories there is also a handful
of individual types the vary in strength
attack distance defense and speak with
each passing stage it becomes more and
more important to analyse who your enemy
is and adjust your army appropriately
you also have a hero would you choose at
the beginning of the game depending on
which hero you choose will actually play
one of three different storylines all
the storylines follow a similar plot
about three warring factions but each is
different enough to want to go through
the game again and again this definitely
helps with the replayability throughout
the game there are multiple upgrades
skills and items that can be purchased
using one of two different currencies
you can also create new types of
soldiers by combining two of your
current soldiers into one this has
varying degrees effectiveness and the
result is not always the same but you
can create some powerful units by
mixing your existing soldiers relatively
early in the game you can also unlock
additional skill slots and items through
the use of cash which is the term for
paid currency within the game yes Carol
Wars is a freemium game the paid system
in Earl Wars is actually fairly well
implemented Gold is tough to earn in the
game but it's possible cash on the other
hand is very limited in quantity if you
want to buy some items that require cash
aside from what little the game gives
you be prepared to shell out about five
or ten bucks the nice thing is in the
game can be beat without ever spending a
cent plan on grinding a decent amount to
earn gold for unit upgrades and items if
you don't want to pay for anything but
finishing the game is totally possible
this way I will say that this is not an
easy game but the mechanics are
implemented in such a way that even
grinding doesn't seem boring the music
is a painful for our Wars game Ville
still hasn't figured out how to loop
music for android games this is actually
a problem for many developers however
most dad's changing is longer audio
tracks for music so the loo point isn't
that silly game Phil uses 52 n second
clips which makes the cut and loop point
a little distracting the music style is
also a little out of clicks sounding
like something a guy in a garage rope on
is casio in 1980
I didn't feel as well disengage me in
fantasy the story was attempting to
convey sound effects by contrast are
solid there's quite a varying amount of
sounds depending on the units and then
they're accurate the one issue I did run
into was when too many units flood the
screen at once audio begins to cut out
I've even had the game suddenly closed a
couple of times due to this the graphics
relatively standard for a 2d fantasy
game for some reason and many may
disagree with me the art style reminded
me quite a bit of disgaea the game that
was released on ps2 and PSP and seen
several sequels all the units and heroes
the game look cartoony and unique
keeping the game relatively light
hearted the biggest problem I ran into
with arel wars is the core game again
though there is a huge amount of
diversity in the units available and the
strategies to implement the core game is
extremely redundant every level is the
exact same thing your base burst their
base the same to pass over and over
again this is definitely a case of
having amazing depth in every ancillary
part of the game and then missing the
boat on the core functionality the
greedy me factor here is that
Gainesville did such a great job of all
the little pieces of arel wars that the
game is still fun and engaging I'd
recommend this game for anyone at like
strategy games and/or RPGs it is well
versed on them the story is decent and
the gameplay is addicted building and
refining armies is an engrossing
experience and will grip fans strategy
games arrow Wars is a game for those
looking for more than a distraction
pixel freecom is giving arrow Wars 89
pixels out of 100
Oh